Boundary Docs (#2925)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/credentials/static-cred-boundary.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Create a static credential store in Boundary
description: >-
  Create a static credential store in Boundary to manage static credentials, then configure targets for credential brokering or credential injection.
# START AUTO GENERATED METADATA, DO NOT EDIT
created_at: 2025-11-18T17:04:41-05:00
last_modified: 2025-11-21T11:18:29-05:00
# END AUTO GENERATED METADATA
---

> # Create a static credential store in Boundary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a static credential store
```

> This page shows you how to create a static credential store in Boundary and, optionally, add a static credential to it — the credential store you'll use to broker or inject credentials into target sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows you how to create a static credential store in Boundary. You can also add a static credential to the store for credential brokering or injection into target sessions.
```

> This page covers creating a static credential store and optionally adding a credential to it; to connect that credential to a target, refer to the credential brokering and injection pages linked below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect the static credential to a target, refer to the credential brokering and injection pages linked below.
```
